Hades: Implement Game (#3815)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/hades/docs/en_Hades.md

# Hades (PC)

## What does randomization do to this game?

It gives the option to randomize Keepsakes, Weapons, Weapons hidden aspects, filler items packs, important items from the 
contractor store and "pact levels" into the item pool. Pact levels are forced heat pact from the heat menu, that 
won't be decreased until the pact level item is received.

> Location consists of items from the contractor, keepsake locations, finishing fates from the fated list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Locations consist of items from the contractor, keepsake locations, finishing fates from the fated list,
```
